Pheasant Run Resort - St. Charles, IL

$99 to 69/night

Hotel at a Glance: Pheasant Run Resort
The Pheasant Run Resort golf course ranks among the Midwest’s best, with difficult tee shots, narrow fairways, and lightning-quick greens dancing around serene ponds and mature trees. But in the winter, when the course isn’t open, the resort is still a draw for its onsite Zanies Comedy Club, its award-winning dining and nightlife, and a luxurious spa voted No. 1 in the area by the Chicago Tribune.

Onsite dining: Sample everything from jambalaya to ice cream at the resort’s six eateries.
Best place to people watch: Check out the resort’s indoor replica of Bourbon Street, complete with a Cajun restaurant and bar and a “swamp arcade.” There are even “street” performers here on Friday and Saturday nights.
Award winner: The onsite restaurant, Harvest at Pheasant Run Resort, picked up an OpenTable Diner’s Choice award in 2016.
Take a dip in two swimming pools—one an indoor/outdoor pool and one in the atrium. And don’t forget the hot tub.
Get sweaty: The fitness center has everything you need for a complete workout.
Fox River Valley: Historical Downtown Districts and Outdoor Excitement
About 40 miles west of Chicago, the neighboring towns of Saint Charles and Geneva bustle with vintage charm and a lively nightlife. Both cities’ downtown shopping areas are lined with easily walkable stretches of local boutiques, specialty shops, and eateries. At Graham’s Fine Chocolates & Ice Cream, tucked behind an old-fashioned storefront on Third Street in Geneva, patrons can watch sweet treats being crafted in an open kitchen or dive face-first into confections such as turtle-like pecan Sk?lies.

Nearby, the extensive Fox River Trail makes it easy to engage in fresh-air pursuits or test out inspirational speeches on crestfallen squirrels. An extensive system of pathways that stretches for 40 miles, the trail draws cyclists, joggers, and fishermen in warm weather and cross-country skiers when the snow falls.

Love to travel? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest for travel tips, inspiration, and photos from around the world.

https://www.groupon.com/deals/ga-bk-pheasant-run-resort-10