Italy Vacation with Airfare from Gate 1 Travel - Venice, Florence, and Rome

9-Day Vacation in Three Italian Cities
See three of Italy’s most notable cities—Venice, Florence, and Rome—on this 9-day vacation. You’ll have time to explore each city at your leisure, as well as included excursions and the chance to take optional tours. Use your free time to see works from famed artists in Venice’s art museums, admire the view from Giotto’s Bell Tower in Florence, and peruse one of Rome’s open-air food markets. This vacation from Gate 1 Travel includes:

Flights & Transportation:

Round-trip airfare from New York City (specific gateway based on availability)
Airline taxes & fuel surcharges
For additional departure airports/pricing, contact Gate 1 Travel at (800) 682-3333
Airline & flight times determined at time of booking
Transportation between cities via standard rail with reserved seats
Hotels (7 nights + 1 overnight flight)

2 nights of accommodations at the Hotel Plaza in Venice
2 nights of accommodations at the Grand Hotel Mediterraneo in Florence
3 nights of accommodations at the Hotel Villafranca in Rome
Attractions & Meals

Daily breakfast
Walking tour of Venice and trip to Murano
Walking tour of Florence
Tour of Vatican Museums, Sistine Chapel, and St. Peter’s Basilica
Optional Tours & Upgrades

Take a romantic gondola ride with music in Venice on day 3 ($44/person).
Visit the Florence museum housing Michelangelo’s David on day 5 ($38/person).
Learn about ancient Rome during a tour of the Colosseum on day 7 ($40/person).
Smell and taste the culinary heritage of Rome with a street food tour on day 8 ($59/person).
How to Book
1. Choose departure city and dates from drop-down menus or “See Options” button.
2. Complete your order; a confirmation email is sent after your order processes.
3. Book your trip: Go to the My Groupons section of your account and select View Voucher for Gate 1 Travel contact and redemption instructions. Book by 11/29/16.

Each person must buy a Groupon; price is based on two people traveling together and sharing a room. Additional $600 fee to travel solo.


https://www.groupon.com/deals/ga-gate-1-travel-florence-rome-venice-12