Ireland Vacation with Airfare and Car Rental from Great Value Vacations - Kilkenny & Wicklow, Ireland


Stay in Your Own Villa on a 5-star Estate in Ireland with Rental Car
This 8- or 10-day trip from Great Value Vacations makes Ireland your playground. After picking up your rental car at the airport, you’ll set off for Aspect hotel for the first night in Kilkenny. After your time there, you’ll have options to plan the rest of the trip yourself. You will be provided with B&B vouchers for 5 nights, you can stay at the same B&B or choose up to 5 different ones(each night). You’ll have a choice to cram in some official tours and stops at historical sites by opting for the $99 upgrade package (good for both 8- and 10-night options). Then the 8 night you have the option to finish your trip in Wicklow near the airport and a 5-star hotel.

Four Package Options
8-day Vacation
8-day Vacation with upgrade Package
10-day Vacation
10-day Vacation with upgrade Package
Each trip includes:

Flights & Transportation:

Round-trip airfare from
New York (JFK)
Chicago (ORD)
Boston (BOS)
Manual-shift economy car rental for duration of trip (automatic available for additional cost; inquire at time of booking)
For additional departure airports/pricing, contact Great Value Vacations at 800-495-4903.
Airline & flight times determined at time of booking
Hotels

6-night stay (6 nights + 1 overnight flight)

1 night of accommodations at Aspect Hotel Kilkenny in Kilkenny
5 nights of accommodations at a bed and breakfast of your choice in Ireland
8-night stay (8 nights + 1 overnight flight)

1 night of accommodations at Aspect Hotel Kilkenny in Kilkenny
5 nights of accommodations at a bed and breakfast of your choice in Ireland
2 nights of accommodations at Druids Glen Hotel & Golf Resort in Wicklow
Be sure to book your B&B stay prior to your departure date to ensure you are accommodated at your first choice.

$99 Upgrade package includes:

Admission and self-guided tour of Guinness Storehouse in Dublin
Tour of Waterford Crystal Factory in Waterford
Admission to the Cliffs of Moher in Clare
Admission to Bunratty Castle and Folk Park in Clare
Admission to Blarney Castle in Cork
Admission to Kilkenny Castle in Kilkenny
Smithwicks Experience Tour in Kilkenny
How to Book
1. Choose departure city and dates from drop-down menus or “See Options” button.
2. Complete your order; a confirmation email is sent after your order processes.
3. Book your trip: Go to the My Groupons section of your account and select View Voucher for Great Value Vacations contact and redemption instructions. Book by 11/25/16.

Each person must buy a Groupon; price is based on two people traveling together and sharing a room. Additional $400 fee to travel solo.

https://www.groupon.com/deals/ga-great-value-vacations-ireland-35